name: Tarron Oakroot
race: Wood Elf
class: Monk
child name: Lefyr
age: 133
birth location: Amavandor, (small town), deep in a forest at the base of a mountain
height: 5'9" (175cm)
weight: 160 lbs (73)
skin: light copper
hair: short black hair, perhaps not so kept because of time away from temple
eyes: green
tats: two dark green tattoos on either arm, denoting devotion to the temple and god of the land and forest, Silvanus
voice: rural, mild southern US accent
outlook: optimistic
knowledge: simple, religion, combat
family: father (Almer), mother (Osona), brother (Jandar), sister (Talindra)
likes: the forest, fighting
dislikes: heavy thinking, dislike being on boats, have spent most of life in temple, in forest

start: Amavandor is set in the Giant flower forest of South of the Arrun Kingdom. After hearing tales of the tension between Khorokheim and Valburn you’ve decided to get a ship in the hope you’ll find enlightenment somewhere in all the violence. You've been on a boat for several weeks and have stopped off in many different places. You're closing in on your destination, Nordon, a Town on the border between the League of Valburn and the Khorokheim dynasty.

culture: Town life. The townsfolk are predominantly Elven. Not many visitors, since the town's managed to stay out of a lot of the fighting until the last few years, where troubles have even begun to touch their borders. The second child of each family is sent off to train at the temple. The temple is the town's defense and knowledge center. The children here train their entire lives in pursuit of increasing the knowledge and strength of their home. Some are chosen to go on a journey, and are instructed only to return when they have acquired some valuable lesson or knowledge that makes them worthy of true temple leadership, a journey known as the Slow Breath. The temple itself has some sister locations in a few other locations dotted around the continent.

about self (describing as 3rd person): 
The first thing you notice about Tarron, which isn't hard to miss, is that he's unpolished... more than you'd think a monk should be. Sure, he's a wood elf and certainly knows his way around the surrounding forest, but put him in a temple and tell him to sit and it's like he was raised by wolves. He's got a wandering mind, that one. When his peers are focused in their meditation, Tarron can't stop shifting around. No one questions he's got talent: he's shown that he's more than capable with a staff or bare handed fists, but his mind is not fully under his own control yet. The temple's masters have thus decided that Tarron should then fulfill his heart's desire: to travel and know the world. However, there is only one condition on which he may ever return, and that is when he has learned to steady his mind and may demonstrate the self-control any aspiring temple acolyte requires. He has a childhood friend, a quick-witted young elf named Kasula Riverstone. They have been friends ever since Tarron entered the order, but with Kasula being a little older, she set out on her journey before him. She set out some years before him, in order to also fulfill the temple masters' orders: do not return until you have proven your skill with both body and mind. 

Tarron has one older brother, Jandar,and a younger sister, Talindra, neither of which ever trained to be fighters. Instead, they joined the family practice of forestry and carpentry. Of his parents, his father Almer still crafts fine furniture for the town, but his mother Osona was killed during a traveling journey during the same year the continent was split. She had been near the border, visiting a long time friend, and was never heard from again.

