Tarron family / close friends: 

note: assuming typical human lifespans (90) and elf ones (600), using ratio ElfAge = 600/90*HumanAge. e.g. Tarron, being ~130, is just under 20 years old in human years

Almer: 
relationship: father
height: 5'11"
weight: ?? (originally lean and full of muscle, some slight potbelly beginning to show)
age: ~370 (55 in human years)
skin color: dark copper
hair color: dark brown, shoulder length hair
eye color: dark green
description: as Tarron's father, Almer has worked and built a life for his family with carpentry and woodworking. himself the youngest of several children, he grew up around the flower forest and eventually gained his apprenticeship in carpentry after some time volunteering in the town guard. over his long career, he has become one of the most sought after master craftsmen in Avamandor, building exotic furniture and building design pieces. He's got rough hands from working his whole life, but enjoys the arts through his experience with musical instruments that he's built in his off-time. In middle-age, he's passed most of his trade down to his oldest son, Jandar. Through the years, he's also become an incredible cook, experimenting and learning from years of practice feeding his family.

Jandar: 
relationship: older brother
height: 6'0"
weight: ?? (stocky, muscled, works in the family trade tirelessly)
age: ~200 (30 in human years)
skin color: dark copper
hair color: long brown hair, tied into ponytail
eye color: green
description: When he was young, Jandar thought of nothing but adventure and exploration. Even before he became an adult, he would run through the forests with his friends. His small band of friends eventually all grew up, some joining the temple, others becoming scholars. One night, however, during the Sundering, his friends had slipped by one of the areas that would be affected. He lost one of his closest friends that night, and it forever left him with a sour taste for adventure from then on. This and the sudden loss of his mother put his life into perspective, and he focused on inheriting his father's trade and ensuring the family would be prosperous. Out of all the family, Jandar worries most about Tarron having been sent out on his mission.

Talindra: 
relationship: younger sister
height: 5'3"
weight: ??
age: ~101 (15-16 in human years) (just a year older than the Sundering)
skin color: light copper
hair color: brunette
eye color: hazel
description: Talindra is the youngest of the Oakroot family, and therefore the most cared for. She was born nearly a year after the Sundering, and ended up having to grow up without her mother entirely. It affected her early in childhood, but over time she came to accept it, since she had never known the pain of losing her mothehr in the first place. She has a natural curiosity of the world, and has spent much of her childhood studying art, drawing, and the like. She frequently plays in the woods with her friends, sometimes bringing home dinner with her bow or others a new sketch of some place in the forest. She is still considered a child, and thus has not chosen a name for herself yet. In the time that Tarron has been gone, studying in the temple, she has grown close with Jandar and helps with simple day-to-day tasks around the workshop. 

Osona: 
relationship: mother (assumed deceased)
height: 5'8"
weight: ?? (slender, agile build)
age: ~330 (50 in human years)
skin color: light copper
hair color: brunette, light brown
eye color: light green eyes
description: In her youth, Osona had been known as a talented healer, and traveled from town to town performing her work. Being part of a small adventuring group herself, she knew many of the lands throughout Arrun, and some even beyond. In Avamandor, she met and eventually married her love, Almer. The two settled down and eventually had their first child, Jandar. She continued to work in town, although she would infrequently go visit other areas as part of her clerical work. Some years later, she also gave birth to Tarron. Being their second child, she knew she would have to give him up to the temple. Some years before he was to join, Osona became pregnant again, bearing Talindra. However, due to some strange happenings north of Arrun, she was called to the area now lost to the sea. During her mission, she was never heard from again, and those that were there claim she died. Jandar and Tarron were old enough to remember and mourn their mother, but Talindra, still a baby in Elven years, was not so deeply affected. 

Kasula Riverstone
relationship: childhood friend
height: 5'7"
weight: ?? (lean, limber, lightfooted)
age: ~150 (22 in human years)
skin color: copper, some tattoos from the temple
hair color: black, with some light green tint scattered throughout
eye color: one yellow, one green
description: Kasula came to Avamandor an orphaned child, having wandered from town to town, stealing and begging to get by. She was arrested by the guard, and given the choice to join the temple or face imprisonment for her crimes. She chose the former, and gained discipline through rigorous training and meditation. She had few friends at the temple, but met Tarron and connected with him after he had lost his mother in the Sundering. They soon became friends, neither having much interest in the day-long meditations, but finding thrill in the practice of martial arts. Being a little older, Kasula had slightly more practice than Tarron, fostering some friendly competition. She was also chosen and sent on her journey 10 years before him, with the goal of learning to control her impulses and headstrong mind. The temple masters, while controlled in their outward behavior, were noticably more at ease after her departure. She talked little about her past, but claimed to have been part of a nomadic band of elves that, according to her, roamed throughout the continent freely. She always seemed to have more passion than the typical elf, a likely result of a nomadic lifestyle being pent-up in a monastic lifestyle for so long. She did not tell Tarron she had been assigned a journey, and was gone before he could ask. He found out from the temple masters, but they did not share where she was headed.
